Remove installing.md and move it into index.md (#107)
void-linux/void-docs: src/xbps/repositories/official/index.md

describes XBPS packages you can install to enable additional repositories and
what those repositories contain.

| Package			                    | Description						                                     | Link					                          |
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|
| `void-repo-multilib`		        | 32-bit compatibility packages 			                     | [multilib](./multilib.md)		        |
| `void-repo-mulitlib-nonfree`	 | 32-bit compatibility packages with nonfree components | [multilib-nonfree](./multilib.md)	 |
| `void-repo-nonfree`		         | packages with non-free licenses 			                   | [nonfree](./nonfree.md)			         |
| `void-repo-debug`		           | debug symbols for packages 				                       | [debug](./debug.md)			             |

## Installing

These repositories can be installed from the packages named in the table above.
For example, to install the `nonfree` repository, install the package
`void-repo-nonfree`:

```
# xbps-install -S void-repo-nonfree
```

> Note: These packages only install a repository configuration file in

> > `/usr/share/xbps.d`.

Reviewer: We have updated the style guide a bit:

- Quotes shouldn't be used for notes. If you can add this in a way that fits the text flow better that would be awesome.
- We want to avoid explicit commands, especially when they are something like `xbps-install`.

Author: Ok. I'll try to rewrite the note. About the explicit command: should I just write something like "Install the package ..."?

Reviewer: Yes, just that c:

Install the `void-repo-nonfree` package to enable this repository.

Packages can end up in the `nonfree` repository for a number of reasons:

- Non-Free licensed software with released source-code.
- Software released only as redistributable binary packages.
- Patented technology, which may or may not have an (otherwise) open
   implementation.

## Multilib

The `multilib` repository provides 32-bit packages as a compatibility layer
inside a 64-bit system and is available through the package
`void-repo-multilib`.

These repositories are only available for `x86_64` systems running the `glibc` C
library.

## Mulilib-Nonfree

The `multilib/nonfree` repository (available through the package
`void-repo-multilib-nonfree`) provides additional 32-bit packages which have
non-free licenses. See [nonfree](./nonfree.md) for more information about why
these packages are separated.

## Debug

Void Linux packages come without debugging symbols, if you want to debug
software or look at a coredump you will need the debugging symbols. These
packages are contained in the debug repo. Install the `void-repo-debug` package
to enable this repository.

### Finding debug dependencies

> The `xtools` package contains the `xdbg` utility to retrieve a list of debug

Reviewer: I would make `xbdg` a man page link.

Void provides other official repositories, which are maintained by the Void

> project, but not installed in the default configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
project, but not installed in the default configuration. The following table describes XBPS packages
you can install to enable additional repositories and what those repositories contain.
```
Any time there's a table, there should probably be a line that introduces that table's contents, especially now that the contents of the table are referred to in later writing.

| Package			| Description						| Link					|
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| `void-repo-multilib`		| 32-bit compatibility packages 			| [multilib](./multilib.md)		|
| `void-repo-mulitlib-nonfree`	| 32-bit compatibility packages with nonfree components | [multilib-nonfree](./multilib.md)	|

> | `void-repo-nonfree`		| packages with unfree licenses 			| [nonfree](./nonfree.md)			|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `void-repo-nonfree`		| packages with non-free licenses 			| [nonfree](./nonfree.md)			|
```

Also, definitely run this through the formatter. Inline tab characters will inevitably break text layout if you're using the wrong tab width.

Reviewer 3: I didn't notice this. Definitely change this.

| `void-repo-debug`		| debug symbols for packages 				| [debug](./debug.md)			|

> The next sections provide summaries of the different repositories offered.

Reviewer 3: This is no longer needed

## Installing

> Those repositories may be installed via the packages from the package column. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These repositories can be installed from the packages named in the table above. 
```

For example, to install the `nonfree` repository, install the package `void-repo-nonfree`:

```

> # xbps-install -S void-repo-nonfree

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# xbps-install void-repo-nonfree
```

The -S would have to happen after installation, not before. If the reason for the -S is that the user should have synced current package data, then I think this goes without saying.

Author: It seems to be common practice to have that -S flag there.

Reviewer 3: I think nilium is technically right on this one.

Reviewer 2: Hold off on changing anything here while I check on IRC.

Reviewer 3: This is a separate issue we don't need to deal with in this commit.
